Vietnam, Homage to the Buddha Shakyamuni,
now in the right time, we are
preparing to chant the Sutras in the solemn Dharma Assembly.
[Music] ...
We, the disciples of the Vang Dharma Center, are practicing at the
home of our benefactor.
Following the three-month retreat
of the monks, as per the vow of the
Golden Chrysanthemum Club,
we now respectfully practice the
first volume of the Liang Huang Samadhi Sutra, drawing upon the merits of our practice of
obedience to the Three Jewels and our
master, and our sincere devotion to the Buddha's teachings.
Through the genuine practice of the Six Harmonious Principles, we respectfully invoke the power
and authority of the Three Jewels and the two original disciples
of the monks of Ba Vang Pagoda to
invite the Brahma Deities, the Four Heavenly
Kings, the Eightfold Path of the Deities, the
Dharma Protectors, and all the benevolent deities and
spirits present at this Dharma
Assembly to listen to the sutras and the Dharma. We
also respectfully invite all the
ancestral spirits, the deceased, and those with karmic debts
who have a connection with our
family and
are present at this Dharma Assembly to participate
in the Dharma Assembly, listen to the sutras,
and, according to their karmic affinity, partake in the offerings
that the host has presented. We dedicate
the merits of our practice to our master.
Our four elements are in harmony, and may the
tax collector be far away and long-lasting, protecting
us, the monks, Buddhists,
and all sentient beings, so that we may benefit from enlightenment and
liberation. We pray and beseech the
holy beings to appear in this world, proclaiming the
true Dharma of the Buddha, benefiting all beings. We pray that all sentient beings
in the six realms may have good fortune to practice the true path. We
pray that all
celestial beings, gods, yakshas, ​​rakshasas, and all
related beings abandon
evil and do good, supporting the liberation of natural disasters, droughts, earthquakes, epidemics, crop failures, and wars in Vietnam
and the world. We pray that
Vietnam may always have a wise and virtuous ruler, a
Bodhisattva practicing the
paramitas, leading the country to
peace, the people to happiness, and the true Dharma to be proclaimed, so that Buddhists may live in
peace and practice. We pray that our relatives in
this life may have their karmic obstacles eliminated and practice the true path. We
pray that our parents, relatives in
many past lives, and all those
with whom we have karmic connections may attain enlightenment,
relinquish their attachments, and make vows to practice the Dharma
soon, so that we may be reborn in the Pure Land.  We, the peaceful realm,
follow the righteous path. We humbly beseech the Three
Jewels to bear witness and grant their protection. All the teachers, benevolent gods, and virtuous spirits, with their Buddha-power, will act as Dharma protectors and support our practice. Namo, witnessing Bodhisattva Mahasattva. Namo,
ever-present Bodhisattva Mahasattva. Namo, ever-present
Bodhisattva Mahasattva.
[Music]
Uhuh
[Music] Uh uh uh uh ah ah, born from
here, the great sentient beings,
this sacrificial image, the fragrant halo around
Minh. From the experience of being shot, the heart returns
and rises. Uh,
Sister Tam strikes alone, the bone, Qin, mad, the
Dharma realm, being carried by Tran,
too virtuous, being again, residing in the Buddha, Dharma, Sangha, Three horses, Uh,
Sister Tam strikes up, 5, past, flesh, three,
object. Uh, Sister Tam
should have, during the exam season, when the
Buddha, Sister Tam, straight up, the sun, then far,
Phu Van, Sister Tam should have, one sentence, if
the Buddha's intention,
Uh, Sister Tam strikes up, grasping a girl, Na, hamony,
Buddha's intention, Uh, Uh,
Sister Tam, worthy.  Perhaps 1k vinegar, Buddha's intention,
Ho Chi Tham. It should be lying down, Shakyamuni
Buddha's intention.
Yes, sister, it should be said, the season of Maitreya
Buddha's intention,
when we wake up, we will all open the
book of the Glorious Sutra, practice according to the three
months of summer retreat, and fight it, it's also rice.
[Music]
Namo Ten Directions Dharma Realm Ever-Abiding Three Jewels, Great Witness. Namo Buddha
Shakyamuni. We respectfully ask all
Buddhas, Bodhisattvas, and virtuous monks to
witness and the world, and we invite all
celestial beings and deities to
support us. We dedicate the
merits according to our hearts, offering to the
Three Jewels of the Buddhists
today, to all celestial beings, deities, and
Dharma protectors to support the Dharma Assembly and all
the spirits we have invited. We respectfully offer the material and spiritual
offerings. We
offer to the Buddhas of the
ten directions, to the witnesses. We offer to the
Bodhisattvas, to the virtuous monks, to the
witnesses. We offer to the Dharma protectors, to the
celestial beings, and to the deities. Afterwards, we
ask for the Buddha's power and might.  We
respectfully invite and offer rice
cakes to all the ancestors,
both paternal and maternal, on the land where the
Buddhist devotee family resides, and all the
spirits that we have
invited. All the spirits currently connected
to this Dharma assembly
in this province, as we all recite the
Ben Thuy Transformation Mantra together.
[Music]
Yes, the Ben Thuy mantra, Namo Sattva, and has dissolved into it, only to let the pure and fragrant skin come forth. Namo Sattva, and has dissolved into it, and
only to let the Three Silver Lotuses come forth, escaping from the lotus, entering into the
tangled state, only to let the pure and fragrant body come forth. Namo Bodhisattva, and the lotus has
entered into it, what to let the mind be at peace, handing over the silkworm, the lineage,
making the Sattva, and has dissolved into it, and only to let the body come forth.
Namo Sattva, and the lotus has entered into it, only to let the pure and fragrant body come forth. The Three Silver Lotuses, the
lineage, making the Sattva, and has
dissolved into it, and only to let the pure and fragrant body come forth.
Namo Sattva, and the lotus has entered into it, only to let the pure and fragrant body come forth. The Three Silver Lotuses, the lineage, making the Sattva, and has dissolved into it, and only to let the pure and fragrant body
come forth.  Toroto robot car
robot totoshop
This is a lot of motorcycles that Sena Vietnam
Toyota robot ethetbooba Ra Toyota Nam
robot car added at than torrecid dashatou
ra and make Toyota robot car Ra tohno
masato Sapa 5 motorcycle banana stennis tham
Toto how far Torototoro Toro monash
Toyota robot is together bed sunlight 83
pha Vietnam recognizes Hong An house listening Tam Ba
and troublesome heat sending message 83 pha viên nhân due sunlight
Tam Bac and Japanese institute still
nha
a83 pha destiny due sunlight Tam Ba and
troublesome sun why message nha sunlight 83 pha written
humanity red Namo Buddha original project Thich Ca
Mau Ni Nam one part 4 first listening Ca Mau
Ni Nam Mo Buddha Original Teacher Thich Ca module i i
in our province we sit down
in the province then we open the Luong
Hoang Sam Sutra page 45 verse Opening sutra
àà
about Buddhist Dharma the profound principle Hidden deep hundreds of
thousands of auspicious search Seeking Good Fortune
hear please cheat Tung Nguyen toi like
driving meaning little color five mo  Opening the
Bodhisattva Museum, a young man with a tray of
Bodhisattva images, 85 models opening the Bodhisattva Museum, month II,
never before turned to page 46, beginning into the
body of the sutra.
A Sutra of the Emperor Liang's Repentance, the most sorrowful book,
about to commit the sin of the Bodhisattva. The
four words are the title of the repentance of the Bodhisattva.
Why does he feel the Buddha Maitreya's
heart slowly soothes the sorrowful world of the Yan Dynasty and the world of the dream? The
name is given like that,
exactly as it is, not changing.
Yes, it is said that the paper is bitter, the secret is there
because he wants to make Sister Eight say that he wants to make the
air force imprint the image of the high
four great ones and the victorious Supreme Arrogance must be subdued by
Philosophy, making the
unmarried village must marry.
Cutting away the village, making the village grow bigger, making people take the bitter drop
before we see, making people like the bitter drop
before we see, making people like the bitter cow, making people like the Great Vehicle, the joyful
heart, the great vehicle
and profit, this compassion is
greater than all the things
brothers cry. The Dharma is the precious place of all
sentient beings, like the bright sun in the
daytime.  The moon shining at night,
this Dharma is in the eyes of the Peach Blossom Envoy, parents,
siblings, true heavenly knowledge of the
person who gathers comrades to
this Dharma assembly for repentance. The body hears more clearly the teachings of the great
world, following each other, hiding in the night, even death is
not superior to each other. Therefore, this Dharma confinement
is compassion. Today, the great assembly
hears this transformation in the Dharma assembly,
establishing the Dharma. This morning, all pronounce the Great Heart because there are
12 great causes and conditions, what is 12, the 21 are the
Vows and Transformations, pouring down after the path of sentient beings, there
is no limit to the number of people, it is a matter of guarantee. The four
eating together, singing and grilling, are the causes and
power of this bright Dharma, causing sentient
beings to cherish the realm of the Buddha, not to cross the mind, the
four small causes and power
of this bright Dharma, causing feelings to change
with the people. The longing does
not cross the screen, the five
small causes and power of
this Gray Dharma, when sentient beings cross to any place, they
cannot avoid the stubborn mind, the
vow of the home, the power of this Gray Dharma,
causing sentient beings to change with form, becoming
other people, not to avoid the habitual mind flying, the
cause of the country of
this Gray Dharma, causing the assembly to change with the singing, the body
inside and outside the body.  Speaking of the
sticky candy, Tam said, "This is the reason why
I, through this Gray form, cause eight beings to be
unable to do anything,
not for myself, but only for those who
have no one to help them. This
is the power of Nguyen, the small Nguyen, at this time of
Pham Gray, causing beings to not cultivate the
natural Dharma for themselves, but only for the
sake of the teacher. This is the power of Nguyen, the small Nguyen, the
power of this Gray Dharma, causing others
to see lonely people, sick and suffering, and then My Tam
helps them to be happy and peaceful. This is the power of Nguyen, the small
Nguyen, the power of Phan, this village,
causing Thu Hanh, teachers, and beings who
are fighting, fighting, Phung, who are
infected, Tho, experiencing satisfaction. This is the power of Nguyen, the small Nguyen, the
power of this Gray form, causing
the examination of the green family, wherever there is death,
remembering the pronunciation of the birth father. Today, I
make the heart to be blessed so that the world will be fortunate and
not be interrupted. I hope the great assembly will be
frightened or transgressed, or in the month of 10,
yes, my dear brother, or manifest in the Dharma hall,
together with the heart, the mind, the karma, the rabbit, seeing,
so that from the common people, each child can be peaceful,
the vow is replaced, the heart is transformed, the heart is
united - Phan
Originally, the Buddha, sentient beings in
the four bad categories, the path of wind and rain, were fortunate enough to be born
and made vows. In the first chapter, taking refuge in the Three Jewels, today, the assembly of fellow practitioners in the Dao, each person, rises up with a bright mind, knowing that life is impermanent, the body does not live long, strong and abundant, love awaits, a beautiful image, and does not hesitate to preserve it. All things are also without
compassion, seeing that everything is destroyed, in
heaven and on earth, nothing lasts
forever. When young, the face is bright, the skin is beautiful, the
lips are fragrant and sweet, remembering that
this is also without compassion. People live in harmony,
with pure and bright skin, death comes without warning,
who will know the word? Suffering comes
suddenly, who knows how to avoid it,
cannot escape. Bright and humble, rich and poor,
seeing each other, they all die. After death, the
beautiful body cannot bear it,
clinging to this body, what is there to like? If we also
worry about the coldness of karma, where is the
reason for the loss? From the reason, we think to ourselves
that the form is happy, strong as
the heart, life is fragile, not yet transformed,
death comes at any time, poverty and lack, no
way to stand, no wisdom descends, no
wisdom descends.  Understanding like a
great and divine being, words are not wasted,
beauty is not shared, righteousness and virtue are not
abandoned, the sword of immortals is not perhaps a subordinate, if one
mistakenly establishes such a mind, it will only add to the weariness. The
wind carries the messenger's journey, hoping that the masses will have a
tiger's heart, craving the two grades of repentance.
If you do not worry about repentance later,
clinging to the foul and cold will not be possible.
From now on, wait and go. The original must reveal its strength day and night,
diligently serving the History, also
increasing the spirit. Only knowing that is the most important thing is to be patient and
turn the scene, doing the best. I hope that the masses and
colleagues in the Dharma hall
will be diligent and wholeheartedly develop the mind. The River
Mang's heart is not let go, always the Man's heart is vast, the heart is
victorious, the heart is great compassion, the heart is joyful, the mind is happy, the
mind
announces gratitude, the profound salvation, the heart is protected, all the teachers and sentient beings, Uh,
praise the teachers and
sentient beings, the heart of the Bodhisattva, the heart of the Buddha, the
one heart, go a little bit, the city attacks, the Le Tang, the mourning robe, I
pray to replace the king to
protect the land and the people. For the parents,
Susu, the elder, the common people, singing the heavenly court, the evil knowledge, the heavenly
words, the tiger's body, the king, the good, the
evil, the capital, only the
foolish, the Huong, the dragon king, the dragon god, capture and
all the teachers and masters.  The
immense sacrifice of the divine beings in the ten
directions, there is a spirit with consciousness, either
underwater, or above, or floating in the void. May the world be swept away, and may all
sentient beings be freed, and may the great assembly rise up to pay homage. I take refuge in the
ten directions, the Qin Dynasty, promising not to deceive the
teacher, not yet the Buddha. I take refuge in the
ten directions, the Qin Dynasty, the void, the realm of the
teacher, the venerable one. I take refuge
in the ten directions, the void, and may all see the virtuous and holy monks. Because of love, for the sake of our country, we continue to chant heavy scriptures [music] all day today. The great assembly and colleagues in the
Dharma hall know why we must cherish the
Three Jewels. Because the Buddhas and Bodhisattvas have
boundless compassion, achieving liberation from the
world, with boundless compassion, comforting the world,
loving all sentient beings like a
boat, their hearts full of great compassion, never
knowing weariness. The matter of avoiding the feast for the New Era, extinguishing greed, hatred, and delusion
for all things, causing all things to be free.
Yes, if one can pass through the Bodhisattva's birth, if sentient beings can attain the
fruit of Bodhisattva birth, the Bodhisattva's fruit will not be achieved. Precisely, the
secret cause has created the great assembly, and
we must cherish the Three Jewels. The
three standing parts show compassion for sentient beings, too much father.  The
scriptures teach that parents
love their children for a lifetime, but their love for
all beings is boundless.
Parents see their children eating and drinking, and their compassion grows stronger. But when they see their children being rebellious and ungrateful, their love is like a
flood. Buddha and Bodhisattvas love them. The
way they treat their children is not like that; seeing
beings acting rebelliously, the compassion of Buddha and
Bodhisattvas increases. For days, children
enter the hell of the Flower Wheel, the hell of
endless suffering, and the dry rations are given to
them. Therefore, know that Buddha and
Bodhisattvas have more compassion than parents
love their children. Because of their parents, there is much wisdom and understanding. Even the most experienced and wise people, with their limited understanding,
change their minds and
turn back to their homeland. I
don't know. A boat of teachings, a
common path, and all beings don't believe, don't accept, and
even suffer losses. Because you have never made a vow, you have the intention to recite the
seal, and sentient beings don't believe. Hungry, they
enter the evil path of hell, fall to their knees, and
are born into the three evil paths, suffering immeasurable suffering.
When it's over, they are temporarily reborn as
humans. In the eyes of the eye, there is no joke; the body is far away,
not collected, the heavenly court is not to be taken. The yellow is
truly green, with fruits that appear before the day,
like the wind.  Without
information today, our colleagues
in the Dharma assembly wrote: "I don't believe in sins heavier
than the sins that cause long-term practitioners to not
see the consequences. Today, the congregation must
together firmly establish their practice, breaking down the little
green flame. The green flame rises, the smoke rises from the lake, following the
beginning of the sentence, I ask for repentance for my sins and karmic actions. Having abandoned everything,
inside and outside, the deep
affection returns to the heart. Developing
faith in the Three Jewels, if not, it will still be deeply felt.
Thus, the love remains the same. Far from
faith, the channel of vows is difficult to understand.
Once the eye is turned, the heart's direction is
not known, so we
cannot help but bow down. It should be
precious, the heart's intention is not dared to think of it in
small ways, but we now rely on the power of compassion
of the Buddha, not yet a great Bodhisattva, only then do we
know much and are very grateful. Those I
have done, Nguyen Sinh, eradicated those I
have not done, and I dare not do them anymore. From now on,
until the day I become a Buddha, there will be no
information, no ancient space, no way out.
This body will either go to hell, or
to the noble realm. The green flame will become the
courageous one, or become a human, or become a
celestial being in the three realms, or the rabbit. The green body of the
Buddha, the long-lived one, or  Rabbits like men,
women, etc., big or
small, up or down, enduring the tiger's brain,
unable to bear it. We, your children, beg
not to lose faith because of this suffering. We have
endured so much hardship today,
wanting to
find it. We swear not to
lose faith because of this suffering. Today we pray
- the Buddha, the Great Bodhisattva, the Đồng Xa, the heart, Uh, the
pile of defilement, the rabbit, causing us to believe. We, your children,
believe in the heart
of the Buddha, the original words of the
Buddha, the three outer peaches, cannot destroy
our faith. We,
together, only have one heart, releasing the immortal, the Dou Cheng,
attacking the precious ten directions, advancing the boundless water,
I know the teacher, the precious Buddha, the ten directions, the Qin You,
boundless, I, your teacher, respect the transgression when the ten
directions, the Xin You, boundless, all change. The virtuous monk
today, the great assembly, fellow practitioners
in the peach, let your hearts
listen, the month of suffering, the realm of heaven, smoke, people, all. The
Hien Hoang world is old and tangled, because
Hien Hoang is not true, the result is
also not true, old and tangled, the claws of the cake,
the sea of ​​flowers, endless result, no truth. Touching, the bird is
immersed in the machine, in the green circle,
from transformation,
construction, and touching.  Duy must drift aimlessly
in the sea of ​​suffering, the suffering of sentient beings is
so great that the Buddha, with his profound compassion,
teaches that all Bodhisattvas who become Buddhas
possess four noble virtues: the virtuous and the
benevolent, the long-lived, the short-lived, the suffering of birth and death, the
fleeting existence of
this mass of beings, the understanding and drinking in the blink of an eye, then
death, like a sea of ​​flowers forever submerged in the sea of
suffering, unable to escape. Therefore, the Buddha, with
this regret, saves sentient beings. He must temporarily
answer the suffering, the suffering of the Buddha, the suffering of the Buddha,
entering that house in the sea of ​​suffering to save sentient beings. He
has never once been
indifferent to the suffering of the Buddha, returning the meaning to
sentient beings by applying the Dharma, showing compassion and reverence. The
Buddha's heart is the great compassion, the compassionate heart
of the Buddha, overflowing with the suffering of sentient beings.
Seeing sentient beings
suffer, it is like an arrow shot into the heart, like a
tearing in the Buddha's eyes. Seeing this, the
Buddha feels compassion, wanting to slaughter the dog immediately
so that all sentient beings may be at peace. Furthermore, the
Buddha's wisdom is to show the bitterness of the Hue, to
transform sentient beings, offering himself
bitterly, as a noble virtue, worthy of this day.  The
bitter peak of the day, like the
suffering endured by sentient beings, teaches them to eat,
stand, and stand in the sun, enduring the days of suffering and
distress. The Dharma teachings flow freely, and the
teacher guides sentient beings today. Sentient beings are
not liberated because the elders
cannot hear them.
Yes, Brother Vi, the wine of the Dharma teachings,
later on, cannot see the part of the table. Sentient beings
are afflicted by karmic obstacles, thus
distancing themselves from the Buddha's compassion. Now,
let us together share our compassion in
Vietnamese, mourning and regretting, our hearts dry with the clock
in our minds. We remember the gratitude to the Buddha,
calling for the tragic end, the old man's robe, the great principle, the net
touching the ground, vowing for the
King and the encouragement of the king, the
earth, the people, the initial examination, the elder, the belief, the
Vietnamese Poetry Forum, the
idea. First, the word "immortal," intelligent and upright, the
Heavenly decree, not ashamed, the body of the king, the former, the former, the
supporting, the Five Directions Dragon Kings, the
dragon gods, bestowing blessings and blessings, the
teacher, sentient beings, endless
in the ten directions.
Brother Quy, the ten directions, the love, the friend, not deceiving me, my
teacher, not yet Buddha.
I take refuge in the ten directions, the Qin, the boundless,
all-seeing, the venerable, the pure.
II. I take refuge in the ten directions, the love, the boundless,
all-seeing, the sage, the saint, the monk.  The
Buddha, the Great Saint, has not yet sung the earthly wind,
seeing the Dharma, the island master of heaven and earth,
therefore, the vow, whether noble or venerable, is to
reside permanently in the autumn month of Da Lat, the two words "illness,
body, heart," so that when the great earth, the Bodhisattva,
without prior thought, the monk, may all
see suffering and hatred, so that we may take refuge in the Three Jewels to
save the world. Why is it that all sentient beings,
one child, now respectfully offer this precious prayer, the
whole body, from the past, covering all time, so that all may be at peace and joyful, compassionate.
We, all beings, together, are noble, I
have found, let us sit down to
continue chanting the sutra. Yes, yes,
Nguyen's poem, I see all ten directions, the Three Jewels,
beautiful from the secret, the four, to keep the original six, not
corresponding, the power of the street, the
green, the power of the street, the lake, the power of sentient beings, oh, sentient beings, the
night,
those powerful forces, all sentient beings, all awaken. We beg you, the
green, the
precious Three Jewels, we beg you,
this wondrous virtue, this wondrous power, may all sentient
beings be blessed. The profound feeling of the
green, the most. If you
are in the heavenly realm or the immortal realm, you will be
cleansed of all karma. If you are different from the
green, then be in the A realm.  Autumn is the heavenly song, the
cow's nature is arrogant, lacking high status;
such beings, among humankind, are...  If
all suffering ends, if all beings are in
the various hells, falling into the animal realm, then the
Buddha will be liberated again.
Today, those who hear the name
of the Three Jewels and those who don't hear it will all
remember it. The
image of the long-lasting demonic object will be completely liberated, achieving the
state of non-attachment, born with the great non-attachment. The Three Jewels become the righteous
Dharma masters.
[Music]
Brother Phuc Nguyen Namo Buddha
Shakyamuni. From us, we pray that
Nguyen Van A and Nguyen Van B will be cured of their illnesses.
We humbly ask for the merit of giving alms
to the family of the devotee Nguyen
Van C, praying for the family of the devotee to
increase blessings and auspicious events. The
handwritten words will eliminate the impermanence of the path. Namo
Buddha 4 HA, the land of the Buddha,
the whole Sony, the
incense to commit suicide. We obey the Buddha's
teachings, practice the precepts, study the Dharma sincerely, with the awareness of the Lotus
Sutra.
We pray that in this present life and in this lifetime,
if we meet the old love, the northern heaven, the
knowledge. Thu Huyen, the beautiful, the
diligent practice, the lake, Sister Tam, the journey at the Buddha's
Dharma, the dragon, the world, the words I say, the
lake  IH,
I return to the Supreme Bodhi, the Virtuous One, seeking enlightenment in this life
and in countless future lives, the words of the Three Jewels
establish the Dharma assembly, the Dharma at the time of
liberation, causing sentient beings to rejoice and
benefit humanity and
heaven. We pray that the Buddha will soon
guide sentient beings into the stream of liberation, fulfilling our ancient vows, the long-lasting harmony of the Buddha's teachings, the long-lasting connection of the Buddha's teachings, and the connection of the
Three Jewels, the enlightenment of the
Buddha's Dharma, and together we will form a
Dharma connection, cultivating the path of enlightenment, and dedicating the
merits to the whole
family. May we have peace, health, prosperity, and happiness in our family, following the Buddha's teachings, and may the Buddha's teachings flourish throughout the world and in Vietnam, always having the
support of the Buddha's teachings.  Ho
Thai Tien Thuan,
who dares to bring about the four natural disasters of Ha Nam Dong Dat,
epidemics, crop failures, wars,
and chaos? May money be given to the people of Thai, for peace in the world, and may all sentient beings in the Dharma realm attain Buddhahood. We humbly pray and dedicate this merit to the long-lived afflictions of disease, destruction of life, earthquakes, storms, sea winds, and floods, eradicating evil karma
in these afflictions, for all sentient beings, for
each and every one of them, for the common good, for the
evil demon king, the wicked demon king, and for
Sister Nguyen Le Sau, the demon king, and the
powerful Tieu Quy, who are connected to the realm of
humanity. We pray that
this fund will receive the blessings of the merits of our practice of the Six Flower Dharma, for the enlightenment of
Buddha Dharma, for abandoning worldly affairs and only focusing on
money, cultivating
Bodhicitta, and for the Eight Jewels, and for us to choose the path of Dharma, to practice the Bodhisattva's virtues, to transmit the Bodhisattva's teachings to all sentient beings, and for the supreme Bodhi to be dedicated to
our entire family so that we do not fall into
these afflictions and to be blessed with
peace and happiness following the righteous path.
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni.  Mony
I
Yes, from the precious Buddha, I pray that all sentient beings
understand the great path of enlightenment and awaken the Bodhi mind.
Yes, from the precious teachings, I pray that the assembly will build a house
within the complete scriptures, as vast as the ocean.
Yes, from the precious Sangha, I pray that all sentient beings will understand the principles of the
great assembly and no longer see this emptiness. Yes, yes.
[Music]
[Applause]